lib: modem_slm: GPIO to configurable (#13121)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    * The deprecated Kconfig option ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_SYS_INIT``.
    * The deprecated Kconfig option ``CONFIG_NRF_MODEM_LIB_IPC_IRQ_PRIO_OVERRIDE``.

* :ref:`lib_modem_slm`:

>     * Changed GPIO from ``gpio0`` to configurable via devicetree of the application.

Reviewer: Since we try to stick to specific verbs used to start (so they can be grouped), "Changed" is good here. I'd go for something like:
```suggestion
    * Changed the GPIO used to be configurable using devicetree.
```
We don't need to mention `gpio0` here, but it's good to mention it in the migration guide.
